<!DOCTYPE html>
<html class="client-nojs" lang="en" dir="ltr">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8">
<title>Core Contributors Meetings - postmarketOS Wiki</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../PostmarketOSWikiOffline.css">
<meta name="ResourceLoaderDynamicStyles" content="">
<meta name="generator" content="MediaWiki 1.39.8">
<meta name="format-detection" content="telephone=no">
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, user-scalable=yes, minimum-scale=0.25, maximum-scale=5.0">
<link rel="icon" href="/favicon.ico">
<link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="/opensearch_desc.php" title="postmarketOS Wiki (en)">
<link rel="EditURI" type="application/rsd+xml" href="https://wiki.postmarketos.org/api.php?action=rsd">
<link rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="postmarketOS Wiki Atom feed" href="/index.php?title=Special:RecentChanges&amp;feed=atom">
</head>
<body class="skin-vector skin-vector-search-vue mediawiki ltr sitedir-ltr mw-hide-empty-elt ns-0 ns-subject page-Core_Contributors_Meetings rootpage-Core_Contributors_Meetings skin-vector-2022 action-view skin--responsive vector-feature-language-in-header-enabled vector-feature-language-in-main-page-header-disabled vector-feature-language-alert-in-sidebar-disabled vector-feature-sticky-header-disabled vector-feature-sticky-header-edit-disabled vector-feature-table-of-contents-disabled vector-feature-visual-enhancement-next-disabled">
<div class="mw-page-container">
	<span id="top-page"></span>
	<a class="mw-jump-link" href="#content">Jump to content</a>
	<div class="mw-page-container-inner">
		<input type="checkbox" id="mw-sidebar-checkbox" class="mw-checkbox-hack-checkbox">
		<header class="mw-header">
			<div class="mw-header-aside">
			<label id="mw-sidebar-button" class="mw-checkbox-hack-button mw-ui-icon mw-ui-button mw-ui-quiet mw-ui-icon-element" for="mw-sidebar-checkbox" role="button" aria-controls="mw-panel" data-event-name="ui.sidebar" tabindex="0" title="Main menu">
				<span>Toggle sidebar</span>
			</label>
			
<a href="../en/Main_Page.html" class="mw-logo">
	<img class="mw-logo-icon" src="/logo_50x50.svg" alt="" aria-hidden="true" height="50" width="50">
	<span class="mw-logo-container">
		<strong class="mw-logo-wordmark">postmarketOS Wiki</strong>
	</span>
</a>

			</div>
			<div class="mw-header-content">
			
<div id="p-search" role="search" class="vector-search-box-vue  vector-search-box-collapses  vector-search-box-show-thumbnail vector-search-box-auto-expand-width vector-search-box">
	<a href="../Special:Search.html" title="Search postmarketOS Wiki [f]" accesskey="f" class="mw-ui-button mw-ui-quiet mw-ui-icon mw-ui-icon-element mw-ui-icon-wikimedia-search search-toggle">
		<span>Search</span>
	</a>
	
	<div>
		<form action="/index.php" id="searchform" class="vector-search-box-form">
			<div id="simpleSearch" class="vector-search-box-inner" data-search-loc="header-moved">
				<input class="vector-search-box-input" type="search" name="search" placeholder="Search postmarketOS Wiki" aria-label="Search postmarketOS Wiki" autocapitalize="sentences" title="Search postmarketOS Wiki [f]" accesskey="f" id="searchInput">
				<input type="hidden" name="title" value="Special:Search">
				<input id="mw-searchButton" class="searchButton mw-fallbackSearchButton" type="submit" name="fulltext" title="Search the pages for this text" value="Search">
				<input id="searchButton" class="searchButton" type="submit" name="go" title="Go to a page with this exact name if it exists" value="Go">
			</div>
		</form>
	</div>
</div>

			<nav class="vector-user-links" aria-label="Personal tools" role="navigation">
	

<div id="p-vector-user-menu-overflow" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-vector-user-menu-overflow vector-user-menu-overflow">
	<div class="vector-menu-content">
		
		<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"><li id="pt-createaccount-2" class="user-links-collapsible-item mw-list-item"><a href="../Special:RequestAccount.html"><span>Request account</span></a></li></ul>
		
	</div>
</div>

	

<div id="p-personal" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-personal vector-user-menu vector-user-menu-logged-out vector-menu-dropdown" title="More options">
	<input type="checkbox" id="p-personal-checkbox" role="button" aria-haspopup="true" data-event-name="ui.dropdown-p-personal" class="vector-menu-checkbox">
	<label id="p-personal-label" for="p-personal-checkbox" class="vector-menu-heading mw-ui-button mw-ui-quiet mw-ui-icon mw-ui-icon-element mw-ui-icon-ellipsis mw-ui-icon-wikimedia-ellipsis">
		<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">Personal tools</span>
	</label>
	<div class="vector-menu-content">
		<div class="vector-user-menu-create-account"><a href="/index.php?title=Special:CreateAccount&amp;returnto=Core+Contributors+Meetings" class="vector-menu-content-item user-links-collapsible-item" title="You are encouraged to create an account and log in; however, it is not mandatory"><span class="mw-ui-icon mw-ui-icon-userAdd mw-ui-icon-wikimedia-userAdd"></span> <span>Create account</span></a></div>
<div class="vector-user-menu-login"><a href="/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&amp;returnto=Core+Contributors+Meetings" class="vector-menu-content-item vector-menu-content-item-login" title="You are encouraged to log in; however, it is not mandatory [o]" accesskey="o"><span class="mw-ui-icon mw-ui-icon-logIn mw-ui-icon-wikimedia-logIn"></span> <span>Log in</span></a></div>

		<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"></ul>
		
	</div>
</div>

</nav>

			</div>
		</header>
		<div class="vector-sidebar-container ">
			</div>
		<div class="vector-sitenotice-container">
			<div id="siteNotice"></div>
		</div>
		<input type="checkbox" id="vector-toc-collapsed-checkbox" class="mw-checkbox-hack-checkbox">
		<div class="mw-table-of-contents-container">
			<div class="vector-sticky-toc-container mw-sticky-header-element">
				<nav id="mw-panel-toc" class="sidebar-toc" role="navigation" aria-labelledby="sidebar-toc-label" data-event-name="ui.sidebar-toc">
	<div id="sidebar-toc-label" class="sidebar-toc-header">
		<p class="sidebar-toc-title">
		Contents
		<button class="vector-toc-uncollapse-button">move to sidebar</button>
		<button class="vector-toc-collapse-button">hide</button>
		</p>
	</div>
	<ul class="sidebar-toc-contents" id="mw-panel-toc-list">
		<li id="toc-mw-content-text" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a href="#top-page" class="sidebar-toc-link">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">Beginning</div>
			</a>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-09-30" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-09-30">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">1</span>2024-09-30</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-09-30-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-09-16" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-09-16">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">2</span>2024-09-16</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-09-16-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-09-02" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-09-02">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">3</span>2024-09-02</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-09-02-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-08-19" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-08-19">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">4</span>2024-08-19</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-08-19-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-08-05" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-08-05">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">5</span>2024-08-05</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-08-05-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-07-25" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-07-25">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">6</span>2024-07-25</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-07-25-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-06-24" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-06-24">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">7</span>2024-06-24</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-06-24-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-05-28" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-05-28">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">8</span>2024-05-28</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-05-28-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-04-25" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-04-25">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">9</span>2024-04-25</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-04-25-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-03-28" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-03-28">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">10</span>2024-03-28</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-03-28-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-02-29" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-02-29">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">11</span>2024-02-29</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-02-29-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2024-01-11" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2024-01-11">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">12</span>2024-01-11</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2024-01-11-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-12-14" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-12-14">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">13</span>2023-12-14</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-12-14-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-11-16" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-11-16">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">14</span>2023-11-16</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-11-16-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-10-26" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-10-26">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">15</span>2023-10-26</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-10-26-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-09-26" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-09-26">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">16</span>2023-09-26</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-09-26-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-08-15" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-08-15">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">17</span>2023-08-15</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-08-15-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-07-27" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-07-27">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">18</span>2023-07-27</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-07-27-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-06-28" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-06-28">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">19</span>2023-06-28</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-06-28-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-05-23" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-05-23">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">20</span>2023-05-23</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-05-23-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-04-12" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-04-12">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">21</span>2023-04-12</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-04-12-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-03-15" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-03-15">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">22</span>2023-03-15</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-03-15-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-02-15" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-02-15">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">23</span>2023-02-15</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-02-15-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2023-01-12" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2023-01-12">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">24</span>2023-01-12</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2023-01-12-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-12-08" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-12-08">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">25</span>2022-12-08</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-12-08-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-11-17" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-11-17">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">26</span>2022-11-17</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-11-17-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-10-13" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-10-13">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">27</span>2022-10-13</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-10-13-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-09-12" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-09-12">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">28</span>2022-09-12</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-09-12-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-08-22" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-08-22">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">29</span>2022-08-22</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-08-22-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-07-20" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-07-20">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">30</span>2022-07-20</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-07-20-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-06-29" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-06-29">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">31</span>2022-06-29</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-06-29-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-05-27" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-05-27">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">32</span>2022-05-27</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-05-27-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-04-26" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-04-26">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">33</span>2022-04-26</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-04-26-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-03-21" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-03-21">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">34</span>2022-03-21</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-03-21-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-02-23" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-02-23">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">35</span>2022-02-23</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-02-23-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2022-01-25" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2022-01-25">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">36</span>2022-01-25</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2022-01-25-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-12-15" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-12-15">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">37</span>2021-12-15</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-12-15-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-11-19" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-11-19">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">38</span>2021-11-19</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-11-19-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-10-13" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-10-13">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">39</span>2021-10-13</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-10-13-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-09-21" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-09-21">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">40</span>2021-09-21</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-09-21-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-08-26" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-08-26">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">41</span>2021-08-26</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-08-26-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-07-13" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-07-13">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">42</span>2021-07-13</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-07-13-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-06-16" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-06-16">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">43</span>2021-06-16</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-06-16-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-05-18" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-05-18">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">44</span>2021-05-18</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-05-18-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-04-14" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-04-14">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">45</span>2021-04-14</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-04-14-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-03-16" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-03-16">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">46</span>2021-03-16</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-03-16-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-02-18" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-02-18">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">47</span>2021-02-18</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-02-18-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2021-01-15" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2021-01-15">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">48</span>2021-01-15</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2021-01-15-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2020-12-14" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2020-12-14">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">49</span>2020-12-14</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2020-12-14-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2020-11-23" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2020-11-23">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">50</span>2020-11-23</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2020-11-23-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2020-10-26" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2020-10-26">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">51</span>2020-10-26</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2020-10-26-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2020-09-24" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2020-09-24">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">52</span>2020-09-24</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2020-09-24-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li id="toc-2020-08-25" class="sidebar-toc-list-item sidebar-toc-level-1">
			<a class="sidebar-toc-link" href="#2020-08-25">
				<div class="sidebar-toc-text">
				<span class="sidebar-toc-numb">53</span>2020-08-25</div>
			</a>
			
			<ul id="toc-2020-08-25-sublist" class="sidebar-toc-list">
			</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
</nav>

			</div>
		</div>
		<div class="mw-content-container">
			<main id="content" class="mw-body" role="main" style="margin: 0">
				<a id="top"></a>
				<header class="mw-body-header">
				
				
					<label id="vector-toc-collapsed-button" class="mw-ui-button mw-ui-quiet mw-ui-icon mw-ui-icon-element mw-ui-icon-wikimedia-listBullet mw-checkbox-hack-button" for="vector-toc-collapsed-checkbox" role="button" aria-controls="toc-toggle-list" data-event-name="vector.toc-toggle-list" tabindex="0" title="Table of Contents">
						Toggle the table of contents
					</label>
				    <h1 id="firstHeading" class="firstHeading mw-first-heading"><span class="mw-page-title-main">Core Contributors Meetings</span></h1>
				</header>
				<nav class="vector-article-toolbar" aria-label="Tools" role="navigation">
					<div class="mw-article-toolbar-container">
						<div id="left-navigation">
							

<div id="p-associated-pages" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-associated-pages vector-menu-tabs">
	<div class="vector-menu-content">
		
		<ul class="vector-menu-content-list">
<li id="ca-nstab-main" class="selected mw-list-item"><a href="../en/Core_Contributors_Meetings.html" title="View the content page [c]" accesskey="c"><span>Page</span></a></li>
<li id="ca-talk" class="new mw-list-item"><a href="/index.php?title=Talk:Core_Contributors_Meetings&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" rel="discussion" title="Discussion about the content page (page does not exist) [t]" accesskey="t"><span>Discussion</span></a></li>
</ul>
		
	</div>
</div>

							

<div id="p-variants" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-variants emptyPortlet vector-menu-dropdown">
	<input type="checkbox" id="p-variants-checkbox" role="button" aria-haspopup="true" data-event-name="ui.dropdown-p-variants" class="vector-menu-checkbox" aria-label="Change language variant">
	<label id="p-variants-label" for="p-variants-checkbox" class="vector-menu-heading ">
		<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">English</span>
	</label>
	<div class="vector-menu-content">
		
		<ul class="vector-menu-content-list"></ul>
		
	</div>
</div>

						</div>
						<div id="right-navigation" class="vector-collapsible ">
							

<div id="p-views" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-views vector-menu-tabs">
	<div class="vector-menu-content">
		
		<ul class="vector-menu-content-list">
<li id="ca-view" class="selected mw-list-item"><a href="../en/Core_Contributors_Meetings.html"><span>Read</span></a></li>
<li id="ca-viewsource" class="mw-list-item"><a href="/index.php?title=Core_Contributors_Meetings&amp;action=edit" title="This page is protected.
You can view its source [e]" accesskey="e"><span>View source</span></a></li>
<li id="ca-history" class="mw-list-item"><a href="/index.php?title=Core_Contributors_Meetings&amp;action=history" title="Past revisions of this page [h]" accesskey="h"><span>View history</span></a></li>
</ul>
		
	</div>
</div>

							

<div id="p-cactions" class="vector-menu mw-portlet mw-portlet-cactions emptyPortlet vector-menu-dropdown vector-has-collapsible-items" title="More options">
	<input type="checkbox" id="p-cactions-checkbox" role="button" aria-haspopup="true" data-event-name="ui.dropdown-p-cactions" class="vector-menu-checkbox">
	<label id="p-cactions-label" for="p-cactions-checkbox" class="vector-menu-heading ">
		<span class="vector-menu-heading-label">More</span>
	</label>
	<div class="vector-menu-content">
		
		<ul class="vector-menu-content-list">
<li id="ca-more-view" class="selected vector-more-collapsible-item mw-list-item"><a href="../en/Core_Contributors_Meetings.html"><span>Read</span></a></li>
<li id="ca-more-viewsource" class="vector-more-collapsible-item mw-list-item"><a href="/index.php?title=Core_Contributors_Meetings&amp;action=edit"><span>View source</span></a></li>
<li id="ca-more-history" class="vector-more-collapsible-item mw-list-item"><a href="/index.php?title=Core_Contributors_Meetings&amp;action=history"><span>View history</span></a></li>
</ul>
		
	</div>
</div>

						</div>
					</div>
				</nav>
				<div id="bodyContent" class="vector-body" data-mw-ve-target-container>
					<div class="mw-body-subheader">
					        <div class="mw-indicators">
        </div>

					    <div id="siteSub" class="noprint">From postmarketOS Wiki</div>
					</div>
					
					
					
					<div id="mw-content-text" class="mw-body-content mw-content-ltr" lang="en" dir="ltr">
<div class="mw-parser-output">
<p>Monthly meeting of the <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://postmarketos.org/core-contributors/">Core Contributors</a> to move postmarketOS forward. Important discussion results are written down in this wiki page.
</p>
<tocplace></tocplace>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-09-30">2024-09-30</span></h2>
<p>Skipped, as people are traveling back from the Boiling The Ocean hackfest as mentioned on our blog.
</p>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-09-16">2024-09-16</span></h2>
<p>Attending: Ollie, Newbyte, Pablo, Luca, Dylan, Caleb
</p>
<ul>
<li>Discussed further to possibly hire somebody to do PCB design for postmarketOS (<a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/63">https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/63</a>) -&gt; reviewed proposal, agreed under condition that readily available SMD components are being used. We'll post an update on the blog once this is finalized (possibly as part of the next monthly blog post).</li>
<li>Caleb reported from nextcloud conf, brainstormed a bit on possibly making it very easy to set up pmOS devices with nextcloud as small home server with FDE password typing in on touch screen (anyone interested in this?)</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-09-02">2024-09-02</span></h2>
<p>Attending: Clayton, Newbyte, Oliver, Luca, Pablo
</p>
<ul>
<li>Reminder to vote for 2024 board (as listed on OCE page, we'll probably put it on the teams page on the homepage some time soon)</li>
<li>Discussed renewal of luadns (renewed it; the DNS service we use for postmarketos.org) and how to better get notified when this needs to be done</li>
<li>Discussed further to possibly hire somebody to do PCB design for postmarketOS (<a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/63">https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/63</a>)</li>
<li>Discussed a bit if we should change the about text on our homepage, to make it more clear how postmarketOS is different from custom Android ROMs, other projects that are based on downstream kernels, etc.</li>
<li>Figured out a policy on how to change kconfigcheck.toml, new wiki page: <a href="../en/Kernel_configuration_Adjusting_multiple_kernels.html" class="mw-redirect" title="Kernel configuration: Adjusting multiple kernels">Kernel_configuration:_Adjusting_multiple_kernels</a>
</li>
<li>Briefly discussed ondev2/encrypting pmOS on first boot via unl0kr, planned to discuss further in a separate meeting</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-08-19">2024-08-19</span></h2>
<p>Attending: Oliver, Bart, Caleb, Pablo, Newbyte (first half), Clayton (second half)
</p>
<ul>
<li>Updates on possible contracting work, systemd, and making systemd images</li>
<li>Discussed yearly Board votes</li>
<li>Discussed paying somebody for doing QEMU CI work</li>
<li>Decided to follow-up with alpine's TSC after /usr-merge approval</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-08-05">2024-08-05</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Discuss how to fix linux-next build failures -&gt; build-test first before pushing to pmaports master</li>
<li>Discuss high bank/credit charges charges for small transactions in OCE. Decided to increase the minimum to 5€, publish blog post with update -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/08/11/pmOS-financial-update/">https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/08/11/pmOS-financial-update/</a>
</li>
<li>Tweaked merging rules regarding adding kernel options to all kernel configs, decided we don't need to wait for approval of each and every kernel maintainer for this to speed it up, 2 approvals instead -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://wiki.postmarketos.org/wiki/Rules_for_merging">https://wiki.postmarketos.org/wiki/Rules_for_merging</a>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-07-25">2024-07-25</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Decided to change meeting structure to a fixed schedule: every 2 weeks, and hard-cut at 1 hour (previous meetings could last 3+ hours)</li>
<li>Discussion about systemd upstreaming work, agreement on work organization and Jane doing the work</li>
<li>Discussion of hackathon after all-systems-go in Berlin</li>
<li>Follow-up from moving from gitlab.com</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-06-24">2024-06-24</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Follow-ups and status reports from systemd, HW-PCB design, device categorization, and device focus</li>
<li>Decided to reach to ncopa and alpine's TSC to talk about usr-merge etc, whether it makes sense to have this upstream in Alpine, what we can do to help Alpine in general, etc.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-05-28">2024-05-28</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Discussed blockers and last-minutes touches for for v24.06. Vote to set new wallpapers and avoid big initramfs/kernel changes</li>
<li>Discussed status of pmbootstrap v3 development and plan forward. Decided to create stable branch and continue new development in master</li>
<li>Discuss improvement to merging guidelines, to allow specialization and people to retain control. Process is started: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/66">https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/66</a> -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://wiki.postmarketos.org/wiki/Rules_for_merging">https://wiki.postmarketos.org/wiki/Rules_for_merging</a>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-04-25">2024-04-25</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Decided to create "Active Community Members", and give everybody from CODEOWNERS labeling rights -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/05/14/active-community-members/">https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/05/14/active-community-members/</a>
</li>
<li>Decided to modernize the website and create a "Team" page -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://postmarketos.org/team/">https://postmarketos.org/team/</a>
</li>
<li>Decided to target v24.12 for systemd and track it in a milestone: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://gitlab.com/groups/postmarketOS/-/milestones/22">https://gitlab.com/groups/postmarketOS/-/milestones/22</a>
</li>
<li>Decided to find and pay somebody to do upstreaming of musl patches for systemd -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/08/16/paying-for-development/">https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/08/16/paying-for-development/</a>
</li>
<li>Discussed to use OpenQA. Instead, decided to not use it to avoid duplicating upstream efforts, and instead focus on QEMU boot-testing</li>
<li>Follow-up from paying for podcast editing. Decided to not pay somebody to do it. Oliver will keep doing it has he finds time, and if needed reduce the number of podcasts</li>
<li>Follow-up from change-control process. Decided to instead stick with gitlab for now (not using loomio) and research alternatives later</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-03-28">2024-03-28</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Discussed to freeze ondev2 development in favor of attempting to add a first time encrypt for feature in unl0kr/buffybox</li>
<li>Discussed possibility of outsourcing podcast editing. Decided to wait for feedback on social media</li>
<li>Discussed project management and whether to get susurrus involved. Preliminary approval given</li>
<li>Discussed possibility to use <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loomio%7C">Loomio</a> for proposing changes to the distribution. Needs some testing and more internal work for a decision to be made</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-02-29">2024-02-29</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussed audio problems in edge and stable, e.g. on Librem 5 -&gt; planning to get SIMs for testing from donations, writing blog posts to ask for more maintainers (<a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/59">https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/59</a>)</li>
<li>discussed pkgvers in device packages -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/2610#note_1796178414">https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/2610#note_1796178414</a>
</li>
<li>discussed systemd -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/03/05/adding-systemd/">https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/03/05/adding-systemd/</a>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2024-01-11">2024-01-11</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussed logistics of switching mail hosting for pmOS team</li>
<li>discussed trusted contributor role some more, which resulted in <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/01/28/how-to-become-tc2/">https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/01/28/how-to-become-tc2/</a>
</li>
<li>discussed doing monthly blog posts, first one here: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/01/08/infrastructure-and-testing/">https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/01/08/infrastructure-and-testing/</a>
</li>
<li>decided to move pmbootstrap back to gitlab.com for now: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/01/17/moving-pmbootstrap/">https://postmarketos.org/blog/2024/01/17/moving-pmbootstrap/</a>
</li>
<li>OC: decided to add a 100€/month tier for companies</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-12-14">2023-12-14</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>launched opencollective: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://postmarketos.org/blog/2023/12/14/pmos-on-oc/">https://postmarketos.org/blog/2023/12/14/pmos-on-oc/</a>
</li>
<li>discussed what server to order, to replace the current, not so reliable one</li>
<li>switch to osk-stub instead of squeekboard -&gt; decided to wait at least after fosdem to decide</li>
<li>discussed how to make ping of device maintainers for releases feasible -&gt; CODEOWNERS (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/4940">pmaports!4940</a>)</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-11-16">2023-11-16</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussed voting rules for team members / trusted contributors (see updates in <a href="../en/Team_members.html" title="Team members">team members</a>), and how to make a proper application process for TCs in general (-&gt; will probably follow up with a blog post about it)</li>
<li>discussed applying the new wiki theme -&gt; yes</li>
<li>discussed disabling wiki talk pages -&gt; yes, disable them</li>
<li>talked about logbookd, we probably want this but let's revisit after v23.12 is out</li>
<li>talked about placing /tmp in RAM -&gt; yes, follow up in a pmaports issue</li>
<li>went through open v23.12 issues</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-10-26">2023-10-26</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussed current state of CI / automated device testing</li>
<li>RNDIS -&gt; NCM: decided to change the default to NCM, now that it is easy to override deviceinfo variables (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/3670">pmaports!3670</a>)</li>
<li>discussed how to improve accessibility (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/2321">pmaports#2321</a>)</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-09-26">2023-09-26</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>to save disk space: decided removing all images of a release when the release is considered unsupported (they can be built again from pmbootstrap if needed, binary packages are not deleted)</li>
<li>decided to ask Pablo to join the core team</li>
<li>discussed current state of CI / automated device testing</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-08-15">2023-08-15</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Martijn stepped down from the core team</li>
<li>discussed how to handle pmOS infra from now on, made plans for moving legacy VMs to the new server</li>
<li>discussed automated device testing</li>
<li>discussed making a monorepo for unl0kr, ondev2, recovery to make development easier -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/buffybox">https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/buffybox</a>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-07-27">2023-07-27</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>decided to do a new megapixels release 1.7.0</li>
<li>discussed automated device testing</li>
<li>new shirts</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-06-28">2023-06-28</span></h2>
<ul><li>decided to remove links to reddit from the homepage (see <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://fosstodon.org/@postmarketOS/110609157030769455">https://fosstodon.org/@postmarketOS/110609157030769455</a>)</li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-05-23">2023-05-23</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussed upcoming hackathon</li>
<li>v23.06: discussed shipping gnome mobile: possibly, depending on how it goes at the hackathon</li>
<li>v23.06: went through open issues</li>
<li>v23.06: discussed dropping pinetab unless we find a new maintainer</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-04-12">2023-04-12</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussed replacing RNDIS with NCM (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/3670">pmaports!3670</a>)</li>
<li>discussed deviceinfo user overrides <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1836">pmaports#1836</a>
</li>
<li>discussed lk2nd handling improvements -&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/2074">pmaports#2074</a>
</li>
<li>brainstorming on evolving <a href="../en/Configure_postmarketOS_for_multiple_UIs_or_users.html" title="Configure postmarketOS for multiple UIs or users">Configure_postmarketOS_for_multiple_UIs_or_users</a> into a proper script that allows switching UIs / possibly setting up multiple users</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-03-15">2023-03-15</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussed forking gtk+4.0 (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/3894">pmaports!3894</a>)</li>
<li>discussed getting community more involved in testing devices -&gt; plan to organize it and mention in next release blog post (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1824">pmaports#1824</a>)</li>
<li>discussed staging branch feature for bpo</li>
<li>discussed MR to improve commit title checks <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/3131">pmaports!3131</a> and merged it</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-02-15">2023-02-15</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>add Pablo as Trusted Contributor</li>
<li>discussed relocating /etc/deviceinfo (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1836">pmaports#1836</a>)</li>
<li>Alexey requested to be Trusted Contributor instead of Core Team Member</li>
<li>discussed coreutils MR (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/3868">pmaports!3868</a>)</li>
<li>discussed pbsplash</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2023-01-12">2023-01-12</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussion about RO rootfs / OTA update mechanism: use a different project name for it, so it's not directly part of pmOS but who wants to can work on it and extend it</li>
<li>add Jenneron as Trusted Contributor</li>
<li>follow up on moving to sourcehut:
<ul><li>give the transition more time since we didn’t start right away with testing sourcehut and the review UI is not there yet</li></ul>
</li>
<li>grant application ideas</li>
<li>leaving twitter for good: yes, try to set up a poster of mastodon posts to twitter (that ideally just posts the mastodon link) so the move is more noticeable than if we just shut off the account (actually setting that up may take some time)
<ul><li>looked into it and was too much effort, we decided to just stop posting there (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://fosstodon.org/@postmarketOS/109772124092691434">announcement</a>)</li></ul>
</li>
<li>removed "certified brands" from wiki (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/wiki/-/issues/72">wiki#72</a>)</li>
<li>FOSDEM stickers</li>
<li>improving install instructions in the wiki</li>
<li>decided on removing inactive device maintainers</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-12-08">2022-12-08</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>disk space problems on bpo</li>
<li>using superd for userspace services (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/3712">pmaports!3712</a>)</li>
<li>v22.12: went through issues, release name</li>
<li>require devices in main/community to have install instructions on their wiki page (-&gt; wiki page updated)</li>
<li>put OP6 into main for the release? (and OP6T, Pocophone F1, SHIFT6mq?) -&gt; release too close, can do it in a service pack</li>
<li>put samsung-grandmax into the release (community?) -&gt; release too close, can do it in a service pack</li>
<li>discussed dropping the Librem 5 from main category due to not having two active maintainers. we prepared to do that for v22.12, but a new maintainer showed up and now we have two again!</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-11-17">2022-11-17</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussed reducing exynos4 kernel for p4note (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1785">pmaports#1785</a>)</li>
<li>discussed pinephone initramfs breakage bug (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1618">pmaports#1618</a>)</li>
<li>v22.12: timeline, went through open issues</li>
<li>fosdem talks</li>
<li>openrc-settingsd should use chrony (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/openrc-settingsd/-/issues/1">openrc-settingsd#1</a>)</li>
<li>discussed whether to change the default branch name, decided to leave as-is</li>
<li>discussed apk interactive not working well with pmbootstrap, should be fixed in pmbootstrap</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-10-13">2022-10-13</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>started setting up riscv64 during the team meeting, now it's supported in edge</li>
<li>started a workflow for issue triaging (WIP) -&gt; <a href="../en/Triaging.html" title="Triaging">Triaging</a>
</li>
<li>pmaports issue template: removed "Other" UIs long list, replaced with "fill in" thing</li>
<li>discussed providing nightly dev packages for Plasma Mobile -&gt; we would like to implement this, but due to time concerns we can't commit to it right now</li>
<li>use semver for device packages? -&gt; nope</li>
<li>CI check for pkgrel, pkgver: discussed ideas implemented in <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/3615">pmaports!3615</a>
</li>
<li>pipewire: can we switch to it before v22.12 is out? nope, too close; v23.06 would be reasonable;
<ul><li>what are the blockers? Some sdm845 bugs are currently being ironed out</li></ul>
</li>
<li>shirts: renamed "The other OG" to "Classic", as we already have OG in another shirt title and it was kind of overused there</li>
<li>support WSL qemu in pmbootstrap? rather not</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-09-12">2022-09-12</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>discussed who to propose for commit rights in alpine, see <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/tsc/-/issues/57">https://gitlab.alpinelinux.org/alpine/tsc/-/issues/57</a>
</li>
<li>discussed whether to provide pre-built images for gnome shell on mobile in pmOS edge -&gt; yes, as it's fine with upstream; discussed to adjust postmarketos-welcome</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-08-22">2022-08-22</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>updated <a href="../en/Device_categorization.html" title="Device categorization">Device categorization</a>, replaced "coming soon: all of them must have automatic kernel upgrade working" with "All of them must have automatic kernel upgrade working" and clarified it
<ul><li>see also: <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1158">pmaports#1158</a>
</li></ul>
</li>
<li>kernel configs:
<ul>
<li>decided to make guidelines for how a kconfig for linux-postmarketos-* kernel should look like</li>
<li>decided to move kconfig checks out of pmbootstrap's config/__init__.py to pmaports.git (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmbootstrap/-/issues/2165">#2165</a>)</li>
<li>decided to add ability to enforce a specific kconfig check for community/main devices (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmbootstrap/-/issues/2166">#2166</a>)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>added -i to apk add comments in <a href="../en/Terminal_cheat_sheet.html" title="Terminal cheat sheet">Terminal_cheat_sheet</a>
</li>
<li>discussed replacing the official pmOS logo with <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/artwork/-/blob/master/logo/pmos-splash-screen.svg">this variation</a> but decided against it, too much going on right now, not worth it. instead we can make it an option for the pmOS boot splash, so the users can switch to it if they want. the default would still be the official logo for consistency.</li>
<li>Minecrell decided to step down from core team member to trusted community member</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-07-20">2022-07-20</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>investigated <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1618">pmaports#1618</a> together</li>
<li>updated <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1133">pmaports#1133</a>: enable zram by default -&gt; yes</li>
<li>talked about removing mirrors from github, decided to do it</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-06-29">2022-06-29</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>got rid of wiki badges for discord/github etc, we don't want to endorse these proprietary platforms</li>
<li>discussed finishing up PPP -&gt; community (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/3238">pmaports!3238</a>)</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-05-27">2022-05-27</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>went through remaining tasks for v22.06</li>
<li>reconsidered approach to service packs, as <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://postmarketos.org/blog/2022/06/12/v22.06-release/#tweaks-to-service-packs-approach">announced here</a>
</li>
<li>added a bot to /r/postmarketOS to point people with Sxmo questions to their IRC channel and ML (as suggested by Sxmo team), and while at it, added messages to point at the pmOS issue tracker as well.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-04-26">2022-04-26</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Discussed what to do about <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2022/03/24/efficient-free-tier/">gitlab.com changes</a>
<ul>
<li>Apply for "GitLab for Open Source" to get some more time</li>
<li>In the long run probably move to something else, more research needed.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Discussed "How to change versions when changing a package multiple times in one MR?" (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1463">pmaports#1463</a>)</li>
<li>Should we have an announcement channel for new blog posts, podcasts etc. @room pings instead of posting into the main channel?
<ul><li>We considered this but decided against it. postmarketOS notifications is on topic for the postmarketOS channel. We have subchannels if one does not want to take part in the general discussions, like the porting channel. So we'll keep these notifications in the main postmarketOS channel instead of making yet another channel.</li></ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-03-21">2022-03-21</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Discussed how to finish up linux-postmarketos.git storage issues (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/47">postmarketos#47</a>)</li>
<li>Decided to not put links to comments at the bottom for future blog posts
<ul><li>Started doing that with v2.12 SP4</li></ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-02-23">2022-02-23</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>New team members: Caleb, Newbyte</li>
<li>Voting process for new team members: from now on, a new team member requires unanimous votes</li>
<li>status sr.ht arm builder:
<ul>
<li>boots up fine</li>
<li>dependency: getting EU datacenter up for sourcehut</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2022-01-25">2022-01-25</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Discussed how to systematically move a proper release upgrade process forward, result in <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1432">pmaports#1432</a>
</li>
<li>Decided to move kernels from main/ to device directories (device/main, device/community), result in <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/2882">pmaports!2882</a>
</li>
<li>Release process:
<ul>
<li>Decided to shorten the <a href="../en/Creating_a_release_branch.html#Timeline" title="Creating a release branch">release process timeline</a> from 6 to 3 weeks, so in winter it doesn't collide with the holidays around new year</li>
<li>Decided to have a proper feature freeze, so it's less testing effort and the shortened timeline actually works</li>
<li>Decided to really focus on upgrading from one alpine release to the next one in a release, try to avoid creating features specific for a release during that timeframe. This also helps avoiding a long release timeline. Either implement features over the time leading up to the release, or have them in service packs.</li>
<li>Ollie will update the process in the wiki and add a new timeline some time soon before the next release</li>
<li>Better description for edge/stable: <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos.org/-/merge_requests/157">postmarketos.org!157</a>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-12-15">2021-12-15</span></h2>
<ul><li>Discussed enabling the dispatch.sr.ht thing to enable creation of MRs via patches sent to sr.ht mailing lists. We decided to enable it as experiment for now, may consider disabling it again in the future if it should become too much maintenance effort (apparently right now it will create a second MR when submitting v2 of patches, so we may end up having lots of duplicate MRs that we need to close; and maybe it has other unintended side effects).
<ul>
<li><a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://lists.sr.ht/~postmarketos/patches-pmaports">https://lists.sr.ht/~postmarketos/patches-pmaports</a></li>
<li><a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://lists.sr.ht/~postmarketos/patches-pmbootstrap">https://lists.sr.ht/~postmarketos/patches-pmbootstrap</a></li>
</ul>
</li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-11-19">2021-11-19</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Try to add X-Purism-FormFactor to all mobile app desktop files?
<ul>
<li>Problem is that this is not a real standard with "X-Purism" infront</li>
<li>Martijn found a way to override it in a dconf setting, so we don't need to modify all the .desktop files. Let's go with that!</li>
<li>Related: add StartupNotification=True? This is a standard, so yes, add it where it is missing if we see it. Note that GTK sets this automatically.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Went through v21.12 milestone
<ul><li>N900 gets dropped from next release unless we find a new maintainer. <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://fosstodon.org/@postmarketOS/107309633255683213">Last call on Mastodon.</a>
</li></ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-10-13">2021-10-13</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>New team structure, introducing Trusted Contributors
<ul><li>See new wiki page: <a href="../en/Team_members.html" title="Team members">Team members</a>
</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Adopted <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://www.alpinelinux.org/community/code-of-conduct.html">Alpine's CoC</a> as the pmOS CoC
<ul><li>new MR: <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos.org/-/merge_requests/132">postmarketos.org!132</a>
</li></ul>
</li>
<li>New requirement for moving devices to community category (in <a href="../en/Device_categorization.html" title="Device categorization">Device categorization</a>):
<ul>
<li>2021-11 and later: track record of upgrading the kernel, device kernel or SoC kernel must at least have been upgraded through 3 kernel releases</li>
<li>MRs for moving devices to community that have been opened before we added this don't need to follow the rule yet.</li>
<li>This will prevent situations like "newly added device/SoC goes straight to community" and we can be somewhat sure that maintainer will not disappear after initial work is done.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Discussed whether we want to add wlroots with powervr patches to pmaports -&gt; no</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-09-21">2021-09-21</span></h2>
<ul><li>Discussed improvements for using pmbootstrap non-interactively:
<ul>
<li>resultig new <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/2072">pmaports#2072</a>: non-interactive version of "pmbootstrap init"</li>
<li>discussed that we do want to have a way to supply a password programmatically, without the ugly <code>yes "password" | pmbootstrap install</code> hack. See <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1908">pmaports#1908</a> and <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmbootstrap/-/merge_requests/2125">!2125</a> for moving this forward.</li>
</ul>
</li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-08-26">2021-08-26</span></h2>
<ul><li>decided to drop support for using osk-sdl with directfb, so it can be dropped from sdl2 as dependency. directfb has long been unmaintained upstream. In practice, this means only mainlined devices / devices with DRM working instead of only framebuffer will be able to use osk-sdl.
<ul>
<li>On demand, somebody could work on a simple cryptsetup text prompt (cryptsetup luksOpen) in case DRM is not available. That might help with some of the convertibles that run postmarketOS... though some of them are already using mainline and therefore have a DRM backend. So if somebody wants this, please open an issue in pmaports.</li>
<li>EDIT: actually not everybody is in favor, so we'll discuss it again next meeting. it's not urgent.</li>
</ul>
</li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-07-13">2021-07-13</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Discussed and agreed on adding "No vendor lock-in" to our <a href="../en/About_postmarketOS.html#Principles" title="About postmarketOS">principles</a>
</li>
<li>Discussed how to improve device testing before new postmarketOS releases, decided to create a new <a href="../en/Matrix_and_IRC.html" title="Matrix and IRC">release-party channel</a> and to coordinate there. Ollie created <a href="../en/Creating_a_release_branch.html#Timeline" title="Creating a release branch">this timeline</a> for new releases and we agreed together with device and UI maintainers that we'll use this moving forward.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-06-16">2021-06-16</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>our aarch64 build server (will build binary packages natively in sourcehut builds to avoid issues with qemu!) has arrived at Martijns, he's setting it up now :) (see related mastodon posts etc)</li>
<li>qemu: doesn't have network with UI=none since networkmanager isn't in postmarketos-base anymore
<ul><li>use e.g. <code>pmbootstrap install --add=networkmanager</code> for now, see <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://wiki.postmarketos.org/wiki/QEMU_amd64_(qemu-amd64)#Network">this new note</a>
</li></ul>
</li>
<li>on-device installer: decided to remove sshd prompts for all UIs
<ul><li>already implemented, see <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://postmarketos.org/edge/2021/06/18/ondev-ssh/">here</a>
</li></ul>
</li>
<li>decided to drop the "packaging" label in pmaports (it was more useful when pmbootstrap and pmaports were in the same repository). it's removed now.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-05-18">2021-05-18</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Discussed what to do about gitlab.com's <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2021/05/17/prevent-crypto-mining-abuse/">new measures</a> to prevent cryptomining abuse (they require validating new accounts with a credit card or debit cart or else they can't use CI)
<ul>
<li>Understandable measure to prevent CI abuse, but very inconvenient for users</li>
<li>Decided to wait and see if this becomes a problem at all (do we get lots of MRs without CI?), and if it's the case, come up with a solution then.</li>
<li>One solution could be asking our friends from alpine if we could use their runners.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>How do we get that awesome alpine-qa bot?
<ul><li><a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/42">postmarketos#42</a></li></ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-04-14">2021-04-14</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Came up with a workflow for <a href="../en/Creating_a_service_pack.html" title="Creating a service pack">creating a service pack</a> (new wiki page), created v21.03.1 branch and issue (see <a href="../en/Releases.html" title="Releases">Releases</a>)</li>
<li>Decided <a href="../en/Packaging.html#Should_my_package_be_in_postmarketOS_or_Alpine.3F" title="Packaging">which packages should be in postmarketOS and which ones should be in Alpine</a> and moved some already (but didn't go through all of them in order to spend not too much time on it)</li>
<li>Replace Device Wishlist wiki page with organization repository (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos/-/issues/39">postmarketos#39</a>) -&gt; not worth it</li>
<li>We want to do quarterly finance reports (listing how much we receive in donations, how we spend it). Ollie will look into it.
<ul><li>UPDATE 2022-04-24: Talked to NLNet about this, not worth the effort right now.</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Decided to disable charging-sdl in the initramfs as it's broken (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/1064">pmaports#1064</a>)</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-03-16">2021-03-16</span></h2>
<ul><li>When pushing changes in gitlab, approvals are currently disappearing. This is annoying, because then one needs to look through the log to figure out who approved it. The argument for keeping it as-is was, because the approvals were really done at a certain time with certain commits pushed, if new commits get pushed, it is a different patch. The counter argument to that is, that keeping the approvals still makes it easier to see who has approved in the past, and the person who merges the commit still needs to review the patch again and must make sure that nobody pushed garbage to it right before merging / after previous approvals. We decided to try "keeping approvals after push" for one month in pmaports and pmbootstrap, and then see if we keep it that way.</li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-02-18">2021-02-18</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Agreed on promoting free software social networking software more.
<ul>
<li><a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://lemmy.ml/c/postmarketos">new Lemmy page</a></li>
<li><a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/postmarketos.org/-/issues/138">postmarketos.org#138</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Replace device milestones with issue labels.</li>
<li>Discussed for about ten minutes if we want to have <code>o/</code> in <code>/etc/motd</code> :) <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/1961">pmaports!1961</a>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2021-01-15">2021-01-15</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>News strategy: now that we have many types of media, where do we discuss which type of content? Rough template for the future:
<ul>
<li>blog posts: mostly cover postmarketOS stable, user-facing stuff</li>
<li>podcasts: cover postmarketOS edge too, more development faced stuff, and in more detail, stuff happening upstream</li>
<li>mastodon / twitter: post new blog posts + podcast episodes, short posts about interesting stuff happening in edge</li>
<li>reddit: post new blog posts and podcast episodes</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Roadmap for 2021
<ul>
<li>January: v20.05.1 service pack</li>
<li>March: v21.03 release based on Alpine 3.13</li>
<li>Later this year: v21.xx release based on Alpine 3.14</li>
<li>See new <a href="../en/Releases.html" title="Releases">Releases</a> wiki page and related milestones for details</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>How long do we want to keep MRs open?
<ul>
<li>let's configure a bot that does:
<ul>
<li>warning after 1 month of inactivity</li>
<li>close after 2 months of inactivity</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>until we have a bot, manually close issues with 2 months of inactivity</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2020-12-14">2020-12-14</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Remove or reword "calls don't work on most phones yet"?
<ul><li>Leave it as-is for now, so we don't give people wrong expectations.</li></ul>
</li>
<li>First service pack for v20.05 status: see <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/merge_requests/1813">pmaports!1813</a>
</li>
<li><a href="../en/Accessibility:_2020_Digital_accessibility_quick_scan_report.html" title="Accessibility: 2020 Digital accessibility quick scan report">Accessibility: 2020 Digital accessibility quick scan report</a></li>
<li>Add a "leaderboard of donations" on the homepage?
<ul><li>Too much effort to maintain and GDPR concerns.</li></ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2020-11-23">2020-11-23</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>We talked about when/if features should be backported to stable. Backporting every feature 5 days after it was merged to edge is too much effort. The solution we came up with is creating a monthly dot release with interesting features backported. All backports in one merge request, test them together, then merge. We'll do the merge request for these dot releases at the beginning of each team meeting, and if somebody wants to suggest something to backport just let us know in the chat or issues.</li>
<li>pinetab will be moved to device/community</li>
<li>pinephone will be moved to device/main</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2020-10-26">2020-10-26</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>We're going to use the CODEOWNERS feature of Gitlab on demand, e.g. for shared kernels or specific packages a user is interested in</li>
<li>We're changing how we approve MR's, see the updated <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://wiki.postmarketos.org/wiki/Team_guidelines">rules page</a>
</li>
<li>New features to edge that should also appear on the master branch will be backported after a week or so, at least 5 days</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2020-09-24">2020-09-24</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>To move a device to the community directory will require it to run a close to mainline kernel just as with the main directory</li>
<li>The PinePhone will use a forked version of Megi's branch. We won't use p-boot though</li>
<li>We're going to have minimal kernel configs in pmaports.git and use shared fragments <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmbootstrap/-/issues/1824">pmb#1824</a>
</li>
<li>Megapixels will be the default photo taking app in Phosh</li>
</ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="2020-08-25">2020-08-25</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Write down results of this meeting and future meetings in this public wiki page.</li>
<li>Decide on principles of postmarketOS: <a href="../en/About_postmarketOS.html#Principles" title="About postmarketOS">about postmarketOS#Principles</a>
</li>
<li>Decide first iteration of <a href="../en/Packaging.html#Guidelines_for_packaging_patches" class="mw-redirect" title="Create a package">guidelines for packaging patches</a>
<ul><li>Apply GTK+ patches to master too (<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/690">pmaports#690</a>). Most importantly, because stable should be a snapshot of master.</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Do not merge back libhybris/Halium related patches as they cost us significant maintenance effort without benefit. If somebody wants to have it, they should create their own aports repository (and binary packages if desired), like Sxmo is doing it currently. We would also accept some integration into pmbootstrap, like an additional question in "pmbootstrap init" that makes it easy to use this 3rd party repository.</li>
<li>Mastodon: PureTryOut got access to the account, in order to make it more active (see <a href="/index.php?title=Infrastructure_Maintainers&amp;action=edit&amp;redlink=1" class="new" title="Infrastructure Maintainers (page does not exist)">Infrastructure Maintainers</a>)</li>
<li>We discussed if we want to keep the "two approvals before merge" rule (see <a href="../en/Rules_for_merging.html" class="mw-redirect" title="Team guidelines">Team guidelines</a>). We do want to keep it, the benefits of better review are worth the increased time until a MR gets merged.</li>
<li>Get all devices from community into stable -&gt; new issue: <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://gitlab.com/postmarketOS/pmaports/-/issues/724">pmaports#724</a>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
					<div id="catlinks" class="catlinks" data-mw="interface"><div id="mw-normal-catlinks" class="mw-normal-catlinks">
<a href="../Special:Categories.html" title="Special:Categories">Category</a>: <ul><li><a href="../en/Category:Admin.html" title="Category:Admin">Admin</a></li></ul>
</div></div>
				</div>
			</main>
			
		</div>
		<div class="mw-footer-container">
			
<footer id="footer" class="mw-footer" role="contentinfo" style="margin: 0">
	<ul id="footer-info">
	<li data-nosnippet="">Retrieved from "<a dir="ltr" href="https://wiki.postmarketos.org/index.php?title=Core_Contributors_Meetings&amp;oldid=64125">https://wiki.postmarketos.org/index.php?title=Core_Contributors_Meetings&amp;oldid=64125</a>"</li>
<li id="footer-info-lastmod"> This page was last edited on 29 September 2024, at 19:55.</li>
	<li id="footer-info-copyright">Content is available under <a class="external" rel="nofollow" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike</a> unless otherwise noted.</li>
<br>
</ul>

	<ul id="footer-places">
	<li id="footer-places-privacy"><a href="../en/PostmarketOS:Privacy_policy.html">Privacy policy</a></li>
	<li id="footer-places-about"><a href="../en/About_postmarketOS.html">About postmarketOS Wiki</a></li>
	<li id="footer-places-disclaimer"><a href="../en/PostmarketOS:General_disclaimer.html">Disclaimers</a></li>
</ul>

	<ul id="footer-icons" class="noprint">
	<li id="footer-copyrightico"><a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img src="../cc-by-sa.png" alt="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike" width="88" height="31" loading="lazy"></a></li>
	<li id="footer-poweredbyico"><a href="https://www.mediawiki.org/"><img src="../poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png" alt="Powered by MediaWiki" srcset="" width="88" height="31" loading="lazy"></a></li>
</ul>

</footer>

		</div>
	</div> 
</div> 

</body>
</html>
